docs(cli): surface snyk secrets test across the CLI docs (PS-779) (#1609)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/snyk-cli/getting-started-with-the-snyk-cli.md

* [Snyk Code](https://docs.snyk.io/scan-with-snyk/snyk-code): Find and fix vulnerabilities in your application code in real time
* [Snyk Container](https://docs.snyk.io/scan-with-snyk/snyk-container): Find and fix vulnerabilities in container images and Kubernetes applications
* [Snyk IaC](https://docs.snyk.io/scan-with-snyk/snyk-iac): Find and fix insecure configurations in Terraform and Kubernetes code

> * [Snyk Secrets](https://docs.snyk.io/scan-with-snyk/snyk-secrets): Find hardcoded secrets, credentials, and API keys in your source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Snyk Secrets](https://docs.snyk.io/scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-secrets): Find hardcoded secrets, credentials, and API keys in your source code
```

`snyk iac test /path/to/kubernetes_file.yaml`

To scan for hardcoded secrets, run `snyk secrets test`.

For details about using the Snyk CLI to scan each content type, see the following:

* [Snyk CLI for Snyk Open Source](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/snyk-cli-for-open-source) and the CLI help for the [`test`](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/commands/test) and [`monitor`](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/commands/monitor) commands
* [Snyk CLI for Snyk Code](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/snyk-cli-for-snyk-code) and the [Snyk Code CLI help](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/commands/code)
* [Snyk CLI for Snyk Container](https://docs.snyk.io/developer-tools/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/snyk-cli-for-snyk-container), including Docker scanning, and the [Snyk Container CLI help](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/commands/container)
* [Snyk CLI for Snyk IaC](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/snyk-cli-for-iac), including Terraform and Kubernetes (K8s) Projects, and the [Snyk IAC CLI help](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/commands/iac)

> * [Secrets scanning in the Snyk CLI](scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/snyk-cli-for-secrets/secrets-scanning-in-the-snyk-cli.md), including pre-commit hooks and ignores, and the [Snyk Secrets CLI help](commands/secrets-test.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Secrets scanning in the Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/developer-tools/snyk-cli/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/secrets-scanning-in-the-snyk-cli), including pre-commit hooks and ignores, and the [Snyk Secrets CLI help](commands/secrets-test.md)
```
